Add subscriptions to relationship events to docs (#2467)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/subscriptions/events/disconnect.adoc

NOTE: The `DISCONNECT` events represent relationships being deleted and contain information about the nodes at each end of the new relationship. However, the disconnected nodes may or may not have been deleted in the process. To subscribe to the node's updates, you need to use the `DELETE` subscriptions.

== `DISCONNECT` event

A subscription to a type can be made with the top-level subscription `[type]RelationshipDeleted`. The subscription will contain the following fields:

* `event`: The event triggering this subscription, in this case it will always be `"DISCONNECT"`.
* `timestamp`: The timestamp in which the mutation was made. Note that multiple events may come with the same timestamp if triggered by the same query.
* `<typename>`: The properties of the node target to the subscription. Only top-level properties, without relationships, are available. Note these are the properties before the operation that trigger the disconnect took place.
* `relationshipFieldName`: The field name of the deleted relationship, as part of the node target to the subscription.

> * `deletedRelationship`: An object having as keys all field names of the node target to the subscription which represent its relationships. For any given event, all field names but the one corresponding to `relationshipFieldName` will be null. The field name equal to `relationshipFieldName` will contain the relationship properties, if defined, as well as a `node` key containing the properties of the node on the other side of the relationship. Only top-level properties, without relationships, are available. Note these are the properties before the operation that trigger the disconnect took place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `deletedRelationship`: An object having as keys all field names of the node target to the subscription which represent its relationships. For any given event, all field names except the one corresponding to `relationshipFieldName` will be null. The field name equal to `relationshipFieldName` will contain the relationship properties if defined, and a `node` key containing the properties of the node on the other side of the relationship. Only top-level properties, without relationships, are available. Note these are the properties before the operation that triggered the disconnect took place.
```

Each event will have the relationships object populated with the deleted relationship's properties for one single relationship name only - all other relationship names will have a null value.

The event will also contain the properties of the nodes at both ends of the relationship, as well as the properties of the new relationship, if any.

NOTE: The `DISCONNECT` events represent relationships being deleted and contain information about the nodes at each end of the new relationship. However, the disconnected nodes may or may not have been deleted in the process. To subscribe to the node's updates, you need to use the `DELETE` subscriptions.

== `DISCONNECT` event

A subscription to a type can be made with the top-level subscription `[type]RelationshipDeleted`. The subscription will contain the following fields:

* `event`: The event triggering this subscription, in this case it will always be `"DISCONNECT"`.
* `timestamp`: The timestamp in which the mutation was made. Note that multiple events may come with the same timestamp if triggered by the same query.

> * `<typename>`: The properties of the node target to the subscription. Only top-level properties, without relationships, are available. Note these are the properties before the operation that trigger the disconnect took place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<typename>`: The properties of the node target to the subscription. Only top-level properties, without relationships, are available. Note these are the properties before the operation that triggered the disconnect took place.
```

* `relationshipFieldName`: The field name of the deleted relationship, as part of the node target to the subscription.
* `deletedRelationship`: An object having as keys all field names of the node target to the subscription which represent its relationships. For any given event, all field names except the one corresponding to `relationshipFieldName` will be null. The field name equal to `relationshipFieldName` will contain the relationship properties if defined, and a `node` key containing the properties of the node on the other side of the relationship. Only top-level properties, without relationships, are available. Note these are the properties before the operation that triggered the disconnect took place.

> NOTE: Irrespective of the relationship direction in the database, the `DISCONNECT` event is bound to the type targeted for the subscription. The consequence is that - given a relationship between types A and B that is not reciprocal (that is, in the GraphQL schema type A defines a relationship to B but B does **not** define a relationship to A) and a GraphQL operation that deletes the relationship between them - even though the two nodes will be disconnected in the database, the `DISCONNECT` event will only be returned to the subscription to type A.. Check out the xref:subscriptions/events/connect.adoc#non-reciprocal-relationships[Non-reciprocal Relationships] section below for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Irrespective of the relationship direction in the database, the `DISCONNECT` event is bound to the type targeted for the subscription. The consequence is that - given a relationship between types A and B that is not reciprocal (that is, in the GraphQL schema type A defines a relationship to B but B does **not** define a relationship to A) and a GraphQL operation that deletes the relationship between them - even though the two nodes will be disconnected in the database, the `DISCONNECT` event will only be returned to the subscription to type A. Check out the xref:subscriptions/events/connect.adoc#non-reciprocal-relationships[Non-reciprocal Relationships] section below for more details.
```

}
type Actor {
    name: String
}
interface ActedIn @relationshipProperties {
    screenTime: Int!
}
type Reviewer {
    name: String
    reputation: Int
}
interface Reviewed @relationshipProperties {
    score: Int!
}
```

An ongoing subscription to relationships deleted from the `Movie` type, upon a mutation deleting then `Actor` named `Tom Hardy` and the `Reviewer` named `Jane` from a `Movie` titled `Inception` would receive the following events:
```graphql
{
    # 1  - relationship type `ACTED_IN`
    event: "DISCONNECT",
    timestamp,
    movie: {
        title: "Inception",
        genre: "Adventure"
    },
    relationshipFieldName: "actors", # notice the field name specified here is populated below in the `createdRelationship` object
    deletedRelationship: {
        actors: {
            screenTime: 1000, # relationship properties for the relationship type `ACTED_IN` that was deleted
            node: { # top-level properties of the node at the other end of the relationship, in this case `Actor` type, before the delete occured
                name: "Tom Hardy"
            }
        },

>         reviewers: null # relationship declared by this field name is not covered by this event, check out the following..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        reviewers: null # relationship declared by this field name is not covered by this event, check out the following...
```

                                node: {
                                    name: "Woody Allen"
                                },
                                edge: {
                                    year: 1989
                                }
                            }
                        ]
                    },
                    Person: { # relationship 2
                        create: [
                            {
                                node: {
                                    name: "Francis Ford Coppola",
                                    reputation: 100
                                },
                                edge: {
                                    year: 1989
                                }
                            }
                        ]
                    }   
                },
                title: "New York Stories",
                genre: "Comedy"
            }
        ]
    ) {
        movies {
            title
            genre
        }
    }
}

mutation { 
    deleteMovies(
        where: {
            title: "New York Stories"
        }
    ) {
        nodesDeleted
    }
}
```

> ...result in the two events will potentially be published (given that we subscribed to `DISCONNECT` events on the `Movie` type):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...two events will be published (given that we subscribed to `DISCONNECT` events on the `Movie` type):
```
